[13.0][ADD] project_stock_product_set: New addon (#909)
OCA/project: project_stock_product_set/README.rst

   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproject-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/project/tree/13.0/project_stock_product_set
    :alt: OCA/project
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/project-13-0/project-13-0-project_stock_product_set
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/140/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to use product sets in tasks.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

> #. Go to *Projects -> All task* and edit a task that allows set stock moves.

Reviewer: Indicate in CONFIGURE.rst what "allows to set stock moves" means.

```suggestion
#. Go to *Projects -> All tasks* and edit a task that allows to set stock moves.
```

#. Go to *Add set* button and select some product set and click on the *Add set* button.

> #. Move lines have been created for each product in the *Stock Info* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Lines for each product of the set have been created in the *Stock Info* tab.
```
